Add candidate instructions to readme. (#3)
form3tech-oss/innsecure: README.md

# Form3 InfoSec Engineering Take Home Exercise

InfoSec Engineers at Form3 work on sophisticated, highly available distributed systems in a microservices environment. We detect and evaluate threats, and set standards for engineering security. We also work with other teams to build secure systems, and to spread security awareness.

This exercise is intended to mimic a real-world scenario, and should offer you the opportunity to demonstrate the security awareness, technical know-how, and communication skills.

## Instructions
The goal of this exercise is to find and suggest fixes for security issues in this repository.

1. Create a private [GitHub](https://help.github.com/en/articles/create-a-repo) repository, with `main` and `production` branches

> 1. [Invite](https://help.github.com/en/articles/inviting-collaborators-to-a-personal-repository) `@form3tech-interviewer-1` to your private repo
> 1. Import this code into the `main` branch
> 1. [Create a Pull Request](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request) to merge from main to production. Review and comment
> 1. Produce a PR to fix one of the issues, to demonstrate your coding abilities. Imagine that your PR will be reviewed by the original author of the code, who is keen to learn more about security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Import the code from the [latest release](https://github.com/form3tech-oss/innsecure/releases) into the `main` branch
1. [Create a Pull Request](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request) to merge from main to production. Review and comment on the PR as you would review a PR produced by a colleague.
1. Produce a PR to fix one of the issues, to demonstrate your coding abilities. Imagine that your PR will be reviewed by the original author of the code, who is keen to learn more about security.
1. [Invite](https://help.github.com/en/articles/inviting-collaborators-to-a-personal-repository) `@form3tech-interviewer-1` to your private repo
```
